hey YouTube what's going on it's oncol
total 99 it's Tony how you guys doing
today today we're going to be taking a
look at the case-mate jelly case for the
iphone 3g and 3gs so let's move over to
the close up camp and take a look at
this one today's reviews when you
brought to you by buy me an iphone calm
you
okay cool beans guys here we go with my
review on the case-mate jelly case for
the iphone 3g and 3gs jelly the
case-mate jelly case colorful light and
stylish design flexible thermoplastic
material complete access to all ports
and buttons screen protection kit is
included this case is available over on
casemates website for 1499 which
including the screen shield is a pretty
wicked deal this case is very very
similar to the iskin solo FX which is
like 30-some dollars so this is
literally half the price of a solo FX I
like the iskin soul effects quite a bit
but I do think that it is ridiculously
overpriced so here you have the case and
also included is of course your screen
protection kit with your screen shield
and your microfiber you little squeegee
all that good stuff and then here we
have the jelly case as you can see it
does have the little brick pattern on
the back of it I think I call it brick
pattern I don't know it's a little mix
of triangles and squares kind of looks
like bricks to me so I call it a little
brick pattern so to install it on your
phone you simply take your phone slip
the top in first as you would with most
other styles of cases like this and pop
it on and that's it you're good doesn't
pick up your screen shield fits really
grey feels good in your hand it feels
just like the ideal case or dessert or
the ice kin solo camera hole is nice
lines up pretty good you can massage it
into place a little bit better if you
want to there you go pretty much perfect
sleep wake button very easy to press not
a problem with that headphone jack is a
little on the small side but this is a
very slim case so you shouldn't have too
much trouble with headphones you have
your volume rocker up and down also very
easy to press vibrates which is very
easy to get to and the bottom is of
course
completely cut out totally open on the
bottom so complete access on the bottom
there it's not a problem fit is very
nice does as you can see it does expose
a little bit of chrome here along the
top it is quite a snug fit I found the
iskin in the ideal case or a little bit
looser fitting than this one this one's
very tight very snug which is good I
mean it's not going to move around or
anything like that I'm the only thing I
didn't really like about this case was
their head of the case-mate logo on here
as you can see and it kind of takes away
from that overall design on the back
because it's really not colored like the
rest of it's all colored and you have
this one spot that's not colored which
is kind of weird it looks a little looks
a little goofy but I mean a case itself
is fine it's a great case if you're into
these style of cases like the you know
Cilic the plasticky silicone kind of
cases like the solo and the ideal case
and the case-mate jelly then I
definitely recommend heading over to
case me picking this up these are
available in three different colors this
is the gray it's also available in blue
and purple 1495 or 1499 I'm sorry is a
great price for case like this most
other ones are twice that much so pretty
dear pretty great deal nice job
case-mate another great case here and
that's it for my review guys okay pretty
short and sweet for this one so that's
it we'll see you guys next time click
link to casemates website will be right
over there in the description box and
that's it thanks for watching I'll see
you guys next time rock on